src/pages/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: "../layouts/Markdown.astro"
title: yummypillow
description: artist, allegedly
largeTitle: true
hideDescription: true

---
import Buttons from '../components/Buttons/Buttons.astro';
import RandomTicker from '../components/RandomTicker/RandomTicker.svelte';
import Notice from '../components/Notice.astro';
import MediaCard from '../components/MediaCard.astro';
import mediaImage from "/public/placeholder.png";
import Commit from "../components/Commit.astro";
import "../styles/index.scss";

<RandomTicker client:only="svelte"/>
<span id="ticker">*...is* ***<span id="tickertext" class="tickertext-normal"><noscript>here to stay.</noscript></span>***</span>

___

hi. i'm **pillow**.  
i like to draw on the internet.  
i use any pronouns online.

this is my website. welcome.

---

looking for my commissions?  
[**find them right here.**](https://artistree.io/yummypillow " ")  
please read my [**Terms of Service**](/tos) before commissioning me.

looking for my social media?  
[**i mostly only use Bluesky right now.**](https://bsky.app/profile/yummypillow.art ' ')  
my Discord tag is **yummypillow**.

---

in the future i will use this domain for listing my original characters and works,  
as well as an image gallery portfolio.

you can find all other links on the left sidebar.  
open it by clicking the left side of the screen.


thanks, and let’s draw.
___

<Buttons />

<span id="buildinfo"><Commit/></span>

Commit message:

astro upgrade; make index page better

src/pages/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: "../layouts/Markdown.astro"
title: yummypillow
description: artist, allegedly
largeTitle: true
hideDescription: true

---
import Buttons from '../components/Buttons/Buttons.astro';
import RandomTicker from '../components/RandomTicker/RandomTicker.svelte';
import Notice from '../components/Notice.astro';
import MediaCard from '../components/MediaCard.astro';
import mediaImage from "/public/placeholder.png";
import Commit from "../components/Commit.astro";
import "../styles/index.scss";
import { calcAge } from "../utils";
import { Modal } from 'accessible-astro-components';

<RandomTicker client:only="svelte"/>
<span id="ticker">*...is* ***<span id="tickertext" class="tickertext-normal"><noscript>here to stay.</noscript></span>***</span>

___

hi. i'm **pillow**.  
i'm a **{calcAge(972126000000)}**-year-old <span title="swedish" style="text-decoration: underline dotted darkgrey 1px;">🇸🇪</span> digital illustrator on the internet.  
i use **any** pronouns. 

thanks for stopping by.
___

i mostly specialize in **character illustration/pin-ups** as well as dabbling in **comics**, but i enjoy learning new things about visual art.

i've been drawing since 2018, and i started to take it *seriously* around 2020.

i'm self-taught, using mostly guides from Twitter, YouTube and other places on the Internet, as well as getting mutual feedback from my friends and peers.

my goal at the moment is to create my own comic.  
i don't care if it'll be good or not, as long as i make it.

i use Clip Studio Paint and/or Krita as my main software.  
i use an XP-Pen Artist 24 Pro screen tablet.

---

this site is a constant work in progress, and is [openly available on Github.](https://github.com/deadproprietary/futon-reform)

in the future i hope to use this site as a portfolio and potentially to host comics, as well as my characters and stories.


---

you can find me on **Discord** at [**yummypillow**](https://discord.com/users/98476829647589376)  
feel free to contact me for anything you want!  
just remember to [actually tell me what you want.](https://nohello.net)

all my other links can be found **on the sidebar to the left!**  
click the left side of your screen, press Esc or swipe right to open it.

thanks, and let’s draw.
___

<Buttons />

<span id="buildinfo"><Commit/></span>
